Eric Cogorno here with Performance Golf Zone. Today's video is on how to fix the slice with your driver. Now, our goal in this video is to fix that slice for you, basically, immediately. I need you guys to start to understand what causes that slice and how to fix it right off the bat. Now, we have some 15-shot fixes for this slice. I want you guys fixing that slice by this weekend. I'm talking, practice this for a full week, slice is gone by this weekend. I need you to understand, first, what causes the slice before we go on to how to fix it. Now, I see a lot of golfers in person who struggle with the slice. Certainly, we work with a lot of slicers. And a lot of people come in and they come in with all kinds of different reasons as to why they slice the ball, and no one emphasizes the most important part, which is that the club face is open to the path. You need to understand that first. You don't hit a slice because you're too far over the top. You don't hit a slice because you hang back on your right foot. You don't hit a slice because your ball position's off or your setup's off. You hit a slice because your club face is open to the path. That is the most important part of this or any video you're going to watch on how to fix your slice. You have to understand and believe that part first. In order for us to fix that slice and fix it quick, we have to fix the face first. Now, how do we do that? When I take my normal setup, I need to ensure that my grip is on the club at least neutral to slightly strong. We cannot be trying to fix a slice if I have my grip on here in a weak position, if my left-hand grip is overly weak, if my right-hand grip is overly weak. And we have other videos on the grip, and there's plenty out there that refer to those. But, we need to have that grip go from a weak to a neutral or a strong position. You can play golf with a weak grip, but not if we're trying to fix the slice pattern. If you have a weaker grip, I need you to get those hands turned clockwise on that club. From face-on, I want to see some of that logo of the back hand. I want to see some of those knuckles. I want that V pointing at my right shoulder. I need my right hand getting in here at or underneath here a little bit on the grip. I can't have my right hand more on top in this fashion. It's not going to work for us. I need my right hand underneath. Again, I want that V on my right hand at or towards my right shoulder. I need a stronger grip pattern. That can help ensure the beginning parts of closing a club face. That's non-negotiable. If you're watching this video and you've struggled with a slice for years on end, you can't play golf with that weak grip. We have to get the grip part, number one. Now, part number two, again, fixing the club face. I need to make sure that the club face stays square to slightly closed at two key checkpoints. Number one is during the takeaway. I need you guys to get that club face tilted slightly down towards the ground, or even all the way towards the ground. Is that too shut? Absolutely, it is. For you who hits a slice, you need too shut. We have to close the club face down, so we can get rid of that shot. So, I want to get a normal setup. I want to take my takeaway. I want to start to feel my left hand point down towards the ground. My logo is pointing down to the ground. Notice how that twists that club face shut here. I want to see that at this checkpoint. I also, in the follow-through, want to see the same checkpoints. I want to see that the club face is tilted down towards the ground, the back of my left hand is down towards the ground. Is that an exaggeration and does that close the club face? Absolutely, it does. That's the entire point here. If I can get my grip strong enough, if I can keep my face slightly closed to square on this side halfway back and slightly closed to square halfway through, my club face is going to be shut for sure, and I can start to curve balls to the left. And that brings me to my next key point. To get rid of the slice we just talked about, we need to fix the face, but your brain also needs to see a different shot pattern. We're not looking to go from slice to right down the middle on ball number one. On ball number one, two, three, four, five, ten, you need to start to see something different, which is the golf ball hooking to the left. We want to see it going hard to the left in the beginning for two reasons. One, you need to do these pieces, and your brain needs to be convinced that they're going to work when you go play, when you're on the golf course. We need to see that what I just felt there gave me something different. That's part number one. Part number two is, once we get this club face closed and the ball's curving to the left, now I have a lot of motivation. I'm going to be able to start to fix that downswing path, obviously. A lot of you guys, during the downswing with that face open start to get this outside-in swing path, and that doesn't do any good for us. We hit it shorter that way, the ball curves even more, and I can't fix that, though. And this is important too. You are not going to fix your over-the-top pattern until you fix the club face. If you're someone who has a slice and you've been trying to fix your over-the-top forever and it didn't work, it's because your face was too open, and it's never going to work that way. If I have an open club face, my face is pointing to the right of the target, the only way I can get that club face pointing at the target and hit a functional golf shot is by swinging outside-in. If I made a good path, swung inside with my face open, the ball's going to go 100 yards to the right. So, now that our face is going to get shut, now you can work all those things you did before, that were probably good, but it wouldn't work because of your club face. Now I can start to work that path inside-out and straighten out the golf ball. But, first, before we do that, we need to fix the face. We need to hit some shots to the left on purpose. This is how you fix your driver, you get rid of that slice with your driver. I'm going to go ahead and demonstrate an exaggerated version. I take my normal setup first. I get my grip on here, and I want my grip to be stronger than normal. So, from a face-on perspective, my left hand is turned towards the camera. You can see more logo, stronger grip than normal. I'm going to get the face shut down going back and get it shut down going through, and I want to hit it left on purpose. So, let's give that one a shot. Grip is strong, closed, closed, hook on purpose. Good, and that's a low hook there to the left. It's exactly what I want to see, and I want to do that multiple times. I want my brain to see that a lot. And now, as I continue to practice, after I do that for a little bit... You know, I'm going to hit as many shots as needed. You should, literally, if you do it correct, I'm talking about, you're fixing your slice in one golf ball. If you fix your face, it takes one swing and nothing else. Now, part number two is, now I take that same feel, but I'm going to get my path going more neutral, and now I can hit a golf ball that's going to go straight out there. I don't need to hit it left forever, just enough to give me motivation to swing from the inside. So now, instead of me making a swing, grip strong, closed down, closed down, trying to hit a hook on purpose, I want to make a swing where I do the same piece and I hit a golf ball dead straight with that. So, that would be the next part of your training. Fix the club face first. You can literally fix your slice in one golf swing. Hit some golf balls to the left, curve it, and then work the path after. You can fix your slice within that practice session, definitely within this weekend. Do that first. Do not start by fixing your path. Fix your face first. Do it that way, and we'll get rid of your slice for you. If you liked this video, please subscribe. Leave us a comment down below. We'll have the link down below. Hope you guys enjoyed this video. 
